# Tag-Heuer-Website
I created a website about Tag Heuer, a luxury watch company that is known worldwide. However, I am making a website about the backstory of Tag Heuer and what they strive to be. The site's users are mainly old or new customers who wish to learn more about the history of Tag Heuer, the sponsors and awards Tag Heuer has achieved and more insight on the people Tag Heuer work with. 

As the sight owner, I am trying to interest people into wanting to buy the Tag Heuer watches by showing them Tag Heuer's long history and the awards Tag Heuer has gotten. The website will also attract customers by showing customers their favourite celebrities that wear or work with Tag Heuer. With this, I will be able to sell the more watches and get more customers to keep on buying our watches.

# Design Process(Wireframe)
Heading Menu: All pages of the website will start of with a header menu that show all five web pages. Home, About, Feats, Contact Us and an image of a magnifying glass that will represent the search page. There will also be the Tag Heuer logo at the top left to always indicate the website of the company.

Home Page: As a customer, I want to buy a watch from a brand that exudes luxury. Thus I created a design with a slick black background, so that the whole website looks more mysterious, mature and luxurious. The customers would also want to know how the Tag Heuer watches look like, so I made sure that the home page would show the a good picture of a good pile of watches to attract customers based on the looks of the luxurious watches. I also added a phrase saying "Pushing The Limits of Watches to Greater Heights Since 1860" to impress customers or draw them in because of how long Tag Heuer has been created.

About Page: As a customer, I would like to know more about the Tag Heuer in this page. The about page is then started with a heading that says About and a photo of another watch in it. The page is about the history of the founder and how he started the Tag Heuer business. Adding on I add on the hashtag that our company promotes "#DontCrackUnderPressure" to show customers our work mindset when it comes to Tag Heuer, and I add on a photo of a man doing a rigorous task but trying hard to struggle through. This photo will emphasize the mindset of #DontCrackUnderPressure and will help relay our message even better. In future I do still want to include possibly more information abou the companies past to help customers get more insight on the company. Through these methods, the customer would have a good understanding of how the company came about and be impressed with the company's goals.

Feats Page: This page mainly consists of the awards and achievements the Tag Heuer has made. As a customer, I would want to be shown with what Tag Heuer has to offer for feats, so I greet the customers on the page of the several awards Tag Heuer has obtained throughout the years. This way, customers would be impressed over what Tag Heuer has accomplished. Not only that, I would also like to see what kind of people wear this Tag Heuer brand, so I show them the sponsors that Tag Heuer has had to have them get good photoshoots of famous people wearing the watches. This would really show customers that even famous celebrities and actors wear this brand of watches, making customers want to be like their favourite celebrities and buy them too.

Contact Us Page: As a customer, I would want the page to be a clear cut of how to follow Tag Heuer on other online platforms. Thus, I created the page with a simple photo of the Tag Heuer building to show how luxurious the building looks like and all the icons of other social media websites to follow Tag Heuer such as Facebook, Youtube, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram and LinkedIn. This way, customers would have instant access to all the Tag Heuer accounts on different platforms and follow them.
